hello youtube today I'm gonna be giving
you a review on my brand new bauer
supreme 190s now i got mine in red just
cuz i thought it looked cool and so it
has a nice inside nice and comfortable
and this right here is adjustable it has
a die wrap and the best part about these
is right here so what you do is you open
up this and then you have one of these
pull this out and there's two of these
on each pad and you have one of these
now they have them soft then they have
the yellow one that's harder and if you
put in the yellow one then well like it
has less flex so I recommend if you're
just buying them I recommend the blue
but as you get older and you like a
stiffer pad yellows gonna be better
and another good thing about the 190s is
this right here so it's really thick and
your knee goes right here and it's good
for water flooding cuz the heart you can
drop down but it doesn't bring anything
now I'll put I'll just slide them on and
I can show you a butterfly a butterfly
has a very big it covers a lot so
they're a little big for me but probably
because these are thirty ones plus one
and I had twenty now I'm 28 but here's
the water supply okay as you can see I
have a pretty nice protection here and a
nice butterfly raise here five holes
pretty good comes out far and I highly
recommend these they're very cool you've
ever seen them before you've probably
seen him on henrik lundqvist
and the stuffs real quality I really
like em I recommend oh very comfortable
very durable and another great thing
about them is how light they are this is
one of the lightest pads out there I
highly recommend it thanks for watching
like subscribe to all that thanks and
bye